Guys welcome back.
So last time we had our logging form set up like that.
Like I said it doesn't do anything and it's not style yet.
But that is our form what we are doing now is just get the register form set up.
Like I said last time it can be a very similar thing just one semester failed so what you can do is
just copy and paste this whole form part.
Copy that and we can paste it below on some space for so can see and click paste.
I'm going to change that idea of the form from log in form to register form change their H to type text
to create your free account.
And then this the idea of the input form you can change to anything you want as long as it's different
from this logging username so you can use register usernames you want to use username like that and
changed the name as well to use the name.
Text can say the same place whole again.
So stay the same and keep required.
Although this is because we changed this I.D. with to change this for here to use your name because
number for has to correspond to the I.D..
And like I said it doesn't matter what you call the idea as long as it's different from here because
if ever same we tried to get the logon username text you would get.
Which one would you take.
So you have to be different.
So we're going to create some space underneath the password one because the password fields are going
be the last part of this form.
Copy and paste this use in a field.
Again it is a text field in all of our other fields are going to be text field.
So we copy and paste that one more time this will be the first name.
This can be last name.
This can be email.
This can be their email confirmation.
So again they're going to type their email in twice and then will go have password down here.
And then one more password which is your confirmed password.
So copy in place the password one place in there.
Okay.
Now they have a of our fields.
Although at the moment they're also username.
So we're going to change those now.
So I said the second one down was going to be a first name so change this to first name copy base at
their days and to their as well.
So for an I.D. matching the name this can be a first name like that and then e.g..
But but but Samson.
Last name and this is going to be the last name.
One word copying base.
On base that and this can be 7 percent.
This is going to be email changes to email changes to email changes to email also change type of this
one to email because email is a type of input and I'll show you what that does in a minute but e.g.
you can do Bart email dot com and then go do confirm.
Email is going to do email to copy and paste scienter there and there and then this also email just
like above.
And then this can just be the same thing but at the g mail dot com.
Password must change we have to change it to password copy and paste in there so calling this password
and then we can also do housework.
But the password to.
They're also just right that confirm the password like that and that's it.
We're going to keep this burned down here with this business a log in it's going to say sign up and
this is going to register button.
So let's say that we're going to see both of the forms and on page say have you log in formally of your
current account form and I let's put some Let's put a place holder in the password one two.
So even the password fields will give a place holder equals your password.
OK.
Copy and paste it there and then will do to log in one as well that save it refresh the page.
Oh see there.
And you can change that to confirm your password if you want to but that's okay.
So now we have a log in form and we also have our register form.
And eventually we're going to only show one of these at the time.
So if you want to log in we'll show long form.
If I want to create an account will only show the register form.
So you won't see both on the same page eventually.
Okay.
But for now good start we've made a log in form and our register form.